# 04. Custom Attribute Directives

As you could've seen in [02. Built-in Attribute Directives](02.builtin-attribute-directives.md), the list of built-in attribute directives is quite limited and it's probable, that you'll require custom ones. Each custom attribute directive is reevaluated on each context.refresh(), please be aware, that in case of assigning events will happen multiple event assignation. Be careful with using this functionality.

## How to create directive
Instance of our application provides function called `attribute`, that expects name and definition function of directive. The definition function accepts parameters `element`, `attributeValue` and `context`.

- `element` is DOM element, that uses our custom attribute directive.
- `attributeValue` is value, that is accepted from context. It could point to specific value, to static value or else.
- `context` is reference to context of space, where is element presented.

## Example

Let's assume our `index.html` file as, where we have our directive called `bgcolor`:
```html
<html ajsf="app">
	<head>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="js/nunjs.min.js"></script>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="js/ajsf.min.js"></script>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="js/app.js"></script>
	</head>
	<body>
		<div bgcolor="myColor">My content</div>
	</body>
</html>
```

For this we have to also create application in `app.js`.

```javascript
var app = ajsf('app', function(context) {
	context.myColor = '#ff00ff';

	return context;
});
```

To add attribute, we need to have reference to application. Application itself provides function `attribute`, that defines our directive.
```javascript
app.attribute('bgcolor', function(element, attributeValue, context) {
	element.style.background = attributeValue;
});
```

On each change of 'myColor' our elements accepts value as its background color. If attribute is inside custom element directive or `ajsf-repeat`, context.refresh() could be required.

---

Previous chapter: [03. Built-in Filters](03.builtin-filters.md)

Next chapter: [05. Custom Element Directives](05.custom-element-directives.md)